Update the SmallRye GraphQL Extension documentation (#17847)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/smallrye-graphql.adoc

public class Film {

    public String title;
    public Integer episodeID;
    public String director;
    public LocalDate releaseDate;

}

public class Hero {

    public String name;
    public String surname;
    public Double height;
    public Integer mass;
    public Boolean darkSide;
    public LightSaber lightSaber;
    public List<Integer> episodeIds = new ArrayList<>();

}

enum LightSaber {
    RED, BLUE, GREEN
}
----

> NOTE: For readability we use Objects with public fields, but Objects with private fields with public getters/setters will also work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For readability we use classes with public fields, but classes with private fields and getters/setters will also work.
```

Therefore, the name of the query is implicitly set as the method name
excluding the `get`.

This query will allow the client to retrieve the film by id, and the `@Name` annotation on the parameter 

> change the parameter name to `filmId` rather than the default `id` that it would be if you omit the `Name` annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes the parameter name to `filmId` rather than the default `id` that it would be if you omit the `@Name` annotation.
```

Context context;
----

> or as a parameter in you method if you are in the `GraphQLApi` class, example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or as a parameter in your method if you are in the `GraphQLApi` class, for instance:
```
